---
title: Designer (UX/UI)
date: 2018-12-05 00:00:00 Z
description: Designer job description
team: product
slug: designer
layout: openings
locations: [Remote,Luxembourg]
permalink: /openings/product/:slug.html
---
#### Remote / Luxembourg - Fulltime

Passbolt is seeking a designer with a background in web design. 
The successful candidate will have a portfolio demonstrating their skills, and experience collaborating with 
web developers. If you are passionate about security, open source and can craft elegant user interfaces we 
want to hear from you!

Here is some example of current and upcoming work.
- The functionalities mentioned in the product [roadmap](https://www.passbolt.com/roadmap).
- A mobile client for passbolt.
- An upgrade / refresh of our style guide.

### Main responsibilities

- Document user needs using personas and user stories.
- Create wireframes and user flows to help refine requirements and to communicate them to web developers.
- Facilitate design discussion with the community to help drive decisions.
- Iteratively extend passbolt styleguide.

### Required qualifications

- A strong portfolio of web design work samples, including mobile and responsive sites.
- 3+ years of professional design experience.
- Fluent in English, both verbal and written and preferably one other language.
- Experience of working on an international product with a culturally diverse user community.

### Nice to have

- Illustration or animation skills.
- Experience with usability testing.
- Experience with front-end development (HTML/CSS).
- Experience working on security related products or at-risks populations.
- Experience as contributor of an open source project.

“Nice to have” really means nice-to-have. It is possible for you to have none of these
qualifications and still be a very good fit.